hi I'm truly and I'm Susana and we're
here today to talk you through the
Littlewoods Direct shopping range which
is the stuff on the internet and behind
us we've selected sold off favorite
pieces which are going to be great for
all different kinds of body shapes this
is the most perfect state dress if
you're Perry that means you came all the
way down there and your boobs are
slightly smaller is what it will do is
it was stretched across here
broaden your shoulders that's the train
don't worry about it and down here it's
gonna go and cover that pair that you
really want to hide if you've got a big
buck
don't be frightened of showing off show
it off and this will think really nicely
you've got to have a good legs firm okay
it's gonna be quite short and if you've
got that flabby knee which I have which
you can talk to itself it's not for you
this is really I think this is just a
pretty patterned dress if you feel
uncomfortable you've just had a baby or
you'll feel you just want to cover
everything you've got a nice cleavage
it's a good dress go for it now if you
are what we would define a sort of brick
shape that means think of a brick and
put legs on the bottom and arms around
the side you want to suck yourself in
and give yourself a waist and a wrap
dress will really do that especially
with a thicker bit around the middle to
winch you in and really wish you didn't
buy it quite tight colors great little
puff sleeve helps and it goes out quite
wide here so your arm will appear
thinner midlifecrisis girls like us want
to wear something that we feel is
fashionable all right so we filmed on
behind the time skinny jeans which both
of us look down okay terribly but on
some girls look wonderful it's good to
wear but if you have a bit of a tummy
and you have really good legs you
oh and wear it with a tunic top
underneath and then you'll feel
fantastic it's a long kind of peasanty
maxi dress
all the women keep it slightly mocking
in it thank you but the way you could do
it is by always wearing it that suits or
glare feet so think about the beach or
if you're on a summer holiday now
no shoes at all and if you're running
around the city with a pair of shoes can
never work with you you didn't wear the
street change I know you know as I was
swimming this is actually right and if
you've got those houses Perry again okay
you need trouser to be wide enough that
it doesn't cling in on your saddlebag
okay so if you've got a big barn big
thighs get it going straight down and
then make this bit up top layer that's
gonna give us so much a nice way to wear
white blouses
there's another tooth instead of the
kind of Elizabeth Hurley Victoria back
up the skin tight white trouser yeah
it's just to have it loose like that
flop is here far more chilled and where
it was like flatter areas like in our
right okay there isn't it straight
pencil skirt
there is a perfect step for me isn't
that lovely
it's a great green this is very good
if either carry your weight here or if
you've got a bit of a tummy because this
extra wide waistband sucks in your tummy
a bit and if you have a very big bottom
it's good because the little pleats
stick out a bit and stick out a bit at
the front so you kind of going a bit
like a little thing I mean one day
because I think it covers that bit so
it's sexy there but where it's big
underneath you feel it's covered so
that's it those are our favorites of the
range and some good examples to go to
little words direct.com where you also
find the fantastic style advisor so you
put in the lovely shape of a woman and
you kind of make it suit you so I've got
big boobs I got a pic saddlebags
whatever and if I want a dress and it
will show you the dress that we have
chosen the works best for your shape